## Changes

* __NEW__ : `bitrise.yml` can now be exported into JSON (with `bitrise export`), and `.json` configuration is also acceptable now for a `bitrise run`.
* __NEW__ / __BREAKING__ : workflow names which start with an underscore (ex: _my_wf) are now treated as "utility" workflow, which can only be triggered by another workflow (as a `before_run` or `after_run` workflow). These "utility" workflows will only be listed by a `bitrise run` call as another section (utility workflows), to provide a better way to organize workflows which are not intended to be called directly.
* __FIX__ : Input environments handling fix: Step inputs are now isolated, one step's input won't affect another's with the same environment key
* __NEW__ : The workflow which was triggered by `bitrise run WORKFLOW-NAME` is now available as an environment variable
    * `BITRISE_TRIGGERED_WORKFLOW_ID` : contains the ID of the workflow
    * `BITRISE_TRIGGERED_WORKFLOW_TITLE` : contains the `title` of the workflow, if specified
* __NEW__ : `BITRISE_STEP_FORMATTED_OUTPUT_FILE_PATH` is now also defined, as a temporary file path.
* __NEW__ : `bitrise normalize` command, to help you "normalize" your `bitrise.yml`.
* __NEW__ : `trigger_map` definition and `bitrise trigger` action : with this you can map expressions to workflows. A common use case for this is to map branch names (ex: `feature/xyz`) to workflows, simply by defining the mapping in the `bitrise.yml`.
* Log format revision, to make it more obvious where a Step starts and ends, and at the end of the build it provides a much improved summary.
* A new "StepLib" source type (`_`), to provide compatibility with Steps which don't have an up-to-date `step.yml` in the Step's repository. Effectively the same as `git::http://step/url.git@version`, but it won't check for a `step.yml` at all - which means that every information have to be included in the `bitrise.yml`.
* Every configuration level (environments, step, step inputs, ...) which had at least a `title` or a `description` or `summary` now has all three: `title`, `summary` and `description`.
* Other internal revisions and minor fixes, and __lots__ of test added.


## Install or upgrade

To install this version, run the following commands (in a bash shell):

```
curl -L https://github.com/bitrise-io/bitrise/releases/download/0.9.11/bitrise-$(uname -s)-$(uname -m) > /usr/local/bin/bitrise
```

Then:

```
chmod +x /usr/local/bin/bitrise
```

That's all, you're ready to go!

Optionally, you can call `bitrise setup` to verify that everything what's required for `bitrise` to run
is installed and available, but if you forget to do this it'll be performed the first
time you call `bitrise run`.
