## Changes

* __BREAKING__ : `step.yml` shared in Step Libraries / Step Collections now have to include a `commit` (hash) property inside the `source` property, for better version validation (version tag have to match this commit hash)!
    * You should switch to the new, final default StepLib, hosted on GitHub, which contains these commit hashes and works with stepman 0.9.8! URL: https://github.com/bitrise-io/bitrise-steplib
    * We'll soon (in about 1 day) start to accept Step contributions to this new StepLib!
    * You should replace the previous `https://bitbucket.org/bitrise-team/bitrise-new-steps-spec` `default_step_lib_source` and every other reference to this old (now deprecated) StepLib, and **replace it** with `https://github.com/bitrise-io/bitrise-steplib.git`!
* __BUGFIX__ : the `$STEPLIB_BUILD_STATUS` and `$BITRISE_BUILD_STATUS` environments were not set correctly in the previous version for a couple of multi-workflow setups.
* __NEW__ : `bitrise init` now automatically adds `.bitrise*` to the `.gitignore` file in the current folder, to prevent accidentally sharing your `.bitrise.secrets.yml` or other bitrise generated temporary files/folders.
* __NEW__ : built in commands to `share` a new step into a StepLib - through `stepman`.
* __NEW__ : `run_if` expressions can now use the new `.IsPR` check, to declare whether a given step should run in case of a Pull Request build.
* __NEW__ : Step dependencies : `Xcode` can now be specified as a dependency for steps. Unfortunately it can't be installed automatically, but you'll get proper error message about the missing full Xcode in this case, rather than a generic error message during running the step.
* __NEW__ : bitrise now checks the `format_version` of the `bitrise.yml` file and doesn't run it if it was created for a newer version.
* You no longer have to call `setup` after the installation or upgrade of `bitrise`, it'll automatically check whether `setup` was called (and succeeded) when you call `run`.
* Bitrise now creates it's temporary working cache dir in a System temp folder, instead of spamming the current directory with a `.bitrise` folder at every `bitrise run`.
* Improved `bitrise run` logs.
* LOTS of code revision!


## Install or upgrade

To install this version, run the following commands (in a bash shell):

```
curl -L https://github.com/bitrise-io/bitrise/releases/download/0.9.8/bitrise-$(uname -s)-$(uname -m) > /usr/local/bin/bitrise
```

Then:

```
chmod +x /usr/local/bin/bitrise
```

That's all, you're ready to go!

Optionally, you can call `bitrise setup` to verify that everything what's required for `bitrise` to run
is installed and available, but if you forget to do this it'll be performed the first
time you call `bitrise run`.
