## Changes

* __Linux support__ : first official Linux release. No dependency manager support is available for Linux yet, but everything else should work the same as on OS X.
* Improved `bitrise init`, with better guides, `trigger_map` and more!
* Total runtime summary at the end of a build.
* Lots of internal code revision, improved `bitrise normalize`.
* __New command__ : `bitrise validate` to quick-check your `bitrise.yml`.
* Configurations (`bitrise.yml` and `.bitrise.secrets.yml`) can now be specified in `base64` format as well - useful for tools.
* __DEPRECATED__ : the old `--path` flag is now deprecated, in favor of `--config`, which has it's `base64` format (`--config-base64`)
* Logs now include the `step`'s version if it's referenced from a Step Collection. Prints the version even if no version constraint is defined (mainly for debug purposes).
* __NEW__ : sets `BITRISE_SOURCE_DIR` (to current dir) and `BITRISE_DEPLOY_DIR` (to a temp dir) environments if the env is not defined
* Only do a `stepman update` once for a collection if can't find a specified step (version).
* __FIX__ : Custom steps (where the collection is `_`) don't crash anymore because of missing required fields.


## Install or upgrade

To install this version, run the following commands (in a bash shell):

```
curl -L https://github.com/bitrise-io/bitrise/releases/download/1.0.0/bitrise-$(uname -s)-$(uname -m) > /usr/local/bin/bitrise
```

Then:

```
chmod +x /usr/local/bin/bitrise
```

That's all, you're ready to go!

Optionally, you can call `bitrise setup` to verify that everything what's required for `bitrise` to run
is installed and available, but if you forget to do this it'll be performed the first
time you call `bitrise run`.
