## Changes

* BITRISE build result log improvements:
    * step run summary contains step version, and update note, if new version available
    * build run summary step sections contains step version, and update note, if new version available
* __BREAKING/FIX__ : `bitrise trigger` will **NOT** select any workflow in Pull Request mode if the pattern does not match any of the `trigger_map` definition.
* unified `config` and `inventory` flag handling: you can specify paths with `--config` and `--inventory`, and base64 encoded direct input with `--config-base64` and `--inventory-base64`. Can be used by tools, to skip the need to write into files.
* __FIX/BREAKING__ : environment handling order : App Envs can now overwrite the values defined in inventory/secrets (in the last version the secrets/inventory could overwrite the App Envs).
* `validate` command accepts `--format` flag: `--format=[json/raw]` (default is `raw`)
* new command: `step-list` (lis of available steps in Step Lib) `bitrise step-list`
* new command: `step-info` (infos about defined step) `bitrise step-info --id script --version 0.9.0`
* revision of `normalize`, to generate a better list/shorter output list
* __NEW__ : `$BITRISE_SOURCE_DIR` now updated per step, and can be changed by the steps. `$BITRISE_SOURCE_DIR` can be use for defining a new working directory. Example: if you want to create CI workflow for your Go project you have to switch your working directory to the proper one, located inside the `$GOPATH` (this is a Go requirement). You can find an example below. This feature is still a bit in "experimental" stage, and we might add new capabilities in the future. Right now, if you want to re-define the `$BITRISE_SOURCE_DIR` you have to set an **absolute** path, no expansion will be performed on the specified value! So, you should **NOT** store a reference like `$GOPATH/src/your/project/path` as it's value, but the actual, absolute path!


## Changing `$BITRISE_SOURCE_DIR` for a Go project (example)

* Git clone your go project repository, to proper Go path (`$GOPATH/src/your/project/path`), or move it if it's already cloned (ex: in a CI environment)
* Define `$BITRISE_SOURCE_DIR` to this path
with a `script` step (or any other way):
```
 - script:
     inputs:
     - content: |
         #!/bin/bash
         set -v
         envman add --key BITRISE_SOURCE_DIR --value $GOPATH/src/your/project/path
```
* Now you can call go test, go install, ... in next steps! The new `$BITRISE_SOURCE_DIR` will be respected, and the next steps will run at the specified `$BITRISE_SOURCE_DIR` dir path.



## Install or upgrade

To install this version, run the following commands (in a bash shell):

```
curl -fL https://github.com/bitrise-io/bitrise/releases/download/1.1.0/bitrise-$(uname -s)-$(uname -m) > /usr/local/bin/bitrise
```

Then:

```
chmod +x /usr/local/bin/bitrise
```

That's all, you're ready to go!

Optionally, you can call `bitrise setup` to verify that everything what's required for `bitrise` to run
is installed and available, but if you forget to do this it'll be performed the first
time you call `bitrise run`.
